the Rockhopper chick is still stuck
despite his caution he ends up taking
the biggest tumble of all
but his troubles aren't over yet at
Caracara
a dangerous predator
another joins at the worst possible
moment he's completely outnumbered but
then backup arrives steamer ducks the
most aggressive in the world they hate
caracaras and won't give up until
everyone is gone the chicks not about to
hang around
this time he has some company for his
final farewell
[Music]
he takes the plunge sliding down the
rocks like it's a water shoe
but it's not over yet the giant petrel
is back predatory to the last
[Music]
the chick dives
but immediately pops right up again he's
never been underwater before this time
the petrol hasn't others close in for
the kill
[Music]
but the petrol who loses his grip this
time
the penguin stays safely under for good
and joins the others in the sea
[Music]
he will never look back this is where he
is meant to be
you'll spend the next three years
learning the secrets of the sea before
he returns here to breed
[Music]
he's now in his element and gone in a
flash
you